[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who
dare to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce
battle, the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands
on Punk Hazard,
an island split into two
extremely different climates.
G-5, led by Vice Admiral Smoker,
arrives at the island in pursuit
of the Straw Hats.
But they soon meet
Trafalgar Law.
Whatcha doin' here?
You remember me, don't you?
You helped me out that one time.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Shambles!
Are they both dead?
I'm guessing that Law
isn't the mastermind here.
Someone else is.
Someone with the initials C.C.,
and I think I know who.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
I believe the person behind this
is a former colleague
of Dr. Vegapunk.
A scientist named Caesar Clown.
[LUFFY]
"The Worst in the World!
A Scientist of Terror - Caesar!"
[MARINE A]
Caesar Clown?
Never heard of the guy.
Who is he, Smokey?
Huh?
[TASHIGI (SMOKER)]
I think I have some information
that might help.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
Huh?
I noticed something
unusual a while back.
Suspicious... reports
from this area.
A lot of reports,
all of them concerning
child abduction.
You mean like a kidnapping ring?
Yes.
I don't know if I can
handle this, Cap'n!
It's like you're
not you anymore!
You've got to
suck it up, Marine.
We're stuck like this for now.
All right, Tashigi!
Get back on track.
These reports
you're talking about.
Why haven't I heard
of them before?
Please button up!
I can't even look at myself!
There's something wrong
about seeing her like this.
I know I shouldn't like it,
but god help me, I do!
That's enough!
[GROUP gasps]
I have noticed that
accidents at sea happen
fairly frequently in this area.
And it does seem that
an unusual number
involve children.
Oh! Yeah, that's true, right?
Yeah!
The thing is,
per the communication
department...
Oh, right, no glasses.
Well, from what I've heard,
we get a whole lot
of abduction reports.
But somehow they always
end up labeled
in the newspaper
as accidents at sea,
the work of pirates,
or simply a lost child.
And I guess it's
possible the incidents
are reported incorrectly.
Possible, but unfortunately,
to me it seems far
more likely that, well...
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] Are you
going to finish your sentence,
Tashigi?
Come on, saying it out loud
won't change anything.
We all know we saw
a bunch of kids
on the island earlier.
What you're too afraid
to say is you think
there really have been
a series of kidnappings.
And you believe
the perpetrator is here
on Punk Hazard.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] But if your
suspicions about that
are correct...
Those news articles
weren't simple mistakes.
The reporters were
deliberately misled
because someone in G-5 wanted
those abduction reports
covered up.
[MARINE O]
Huh?
[MARINE D]
Hold on.
Is Smokey saying that
somebody in our ranks
is working with the kidnapper?
No! What?!
What the hell, Smokey?
How can you insult
your crew like that?
Sure, we're not the smartest
or strongest Marines
there are, but that
doesn't change the fact
that we take pride in
being part of the Navy!
No way!
None of us are part
of any kidnapping ring!
[yelling]
Quit your bitching!
[MARINES gasp]
Don't hurt us!
You fools couldn't steal
candy from a baby.
You're not even
worth suspecting.
[MARINES]
What?!
But don't let loyalty blind you.
Not even the Navy is
immune to corruption.
At the end of the day,
the Navy is just
a group of people,
and people aren't perfect.
Making assumptions is dangerous.
Don't be fooled by appearances.
[gasps]
[MARINES]
Understood, Captain!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) sighs]
Never mind. Morons.
[TASHIGI (SMOKER)]
Um, guys, I'm the captain.
Right! Sorry!
We're still getting
used to this!
I could still be wrong.
I don't have any proof.
It's a theory, that's all.
That doesn't matter.
Theory or not,
it's something we need
to keep in mind.
Unfortunately, as it stands,
my heart and both our
bodies are at Law's mercy.
We're both stuck here
till we settle that.
But I want a third
of you to leave by ship
and report what
we've found so far.
Just one problem with that,
Vice Admiral.
If you remember,
our warship was destroyed.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] I told you
I saw a ship, didn't I?
Steal it.
Oh, yeah!
I hadn't thought of that!
Stealing's bad, though!
Just do it, all right?
And be careful
nobody catches you.
Meanwhile, I'm gonna
find a way to get
my heart and body back,
and hunt down
the twisted bastard
who's behind all this.
[CAESAR CLOWN] I was finally
able to get through to him.
Click.
[CAESAR CLOWN] We have
permission to kill them all.
The Straw Hat pirates.
The G-5 crew.
Foxfire Kin'emon, as well.
No matter who dies
on this island,
Joker will ensure the losses
are officially listed
as accidents at sea.
Catch as many of
them as possible.
The more guinea pigs,
the merrier.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Yes, Master.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I prefer them alive,
but you may kill any that
can't be taken with poison.
Where did Law go?
[SUBORDINATE A] He left
the room a few minutes ago.
Well, be careful.
These pirates have
large bounties.
One is 400 million.
[MONET]
The others range from 50 berries
to 120 million.
All are wanted,
and their total bounties
are 800 million and 50 berries.
They're notorious,
despite the fact
they've been inactive
for the past two years.
Their bounties haven't
increased in that time.
They could be more powerful
than the numbers show.
[CAESAR CLOWN] You're ever the
font of information, Monet.
Help, Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
You look half-frozen.
Have you been wandering
around outside
without a coat?
We were robbed by
pirates, Master.
What's worse is that
the scheming lowlifes
took Boss Brownbeard with them.
Please, Master!
We have to help him!
Really?
How absolutely terrible.
Don't worry about Brownbeard.
I promise you we
will retrieve him.
Now, go on back to the room.
As it happens, you're in luck.
We've just finished
a new medicine.
Exactly what you need.
It will both warm and heal you.
[CENTAUR A]
Really? That's so kind!
Will you help the others, too?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurorororo! Certainly.
But first let's get you treated.
[CENTAUR A]
You do so much for us, Master!
I don't know how to repay you.
[SANJI (NAMI)] Are you kidding?
What the hell is this, Usopp?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] I think
they're totally super, bro!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
I don't care anymore.
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Thanks, Usopp! Great idea!
This thing detracts
from Nami's beauty!
Aw, quit whining!
Without some sort of
system like this,
we're never gonna
remember who's who.
So Brownbeard, huh?
[USOPP]
Hm?
That's right.
I'm sure you've heard that name.
It's what I used to go by.
[LUFFY]
Nope, sorry.
Are you kidding, you fool?
Hey, get off of me
before I bite you!
Something's up.
You wouldn't say a word before,
and now you won't stop yapping.
Why're you so eager
to run your mouth now?
Oh ho.
I'm in a good mood because
you guys are in for it.
Law knows that I'm with you now,
and he's gonna come for me.
I despise all the
worthless pirates
of your damn generation.
Law's the exception.
Hold on.
What do you mean
"our generation"?
Don't you know anything?
Little fool.
I mean the 11 rookies
with bounties
over 100 million who
arrived at Sabaody
two years ago.
You lot, and Blackbeard.
People call you punks
"The Worst Generation."
Troublemakers who were
born at the change
of the era.
Reckless fools whose
actions will determine
the future of this world.
After Whitebeard died,
you all came
to the New World
and began raising hell.
Anytime something big happened,
a member of your
generation was usually
right in the thick of things.
Blackbeard, Kid, Law,
Drake, and Hawkins.
Basil Hawkins was the one
who shattered my crew,
leaving us defeated and broken.
It was because of him that
my pirate career ended.
The coward took my legs from me.
My crew was annihilated.
I was fleeing for
my life when at last,
I arrived here, on the island
known as Punk Hazard.
Do you fools even know
what this place is?
This island is not what it was.
It used to be a paradise,
teeming with life.
Home to creatures of
all shapes and colors.
Wow, for real?
It's nothing like that anymore.
[BROWNBEARD] This island
housed the laboratory
of a Government scientist
known as Dr. Vegapunk.
He and his team
were stationed here
with the task of
developing new chemicals
and weapons.
Vegapunk needed subjects
on which to test
his inventions.
So, instead of going to prison,
criminals were sent here,
where they were experimented on.
Four years ago,
Vegapunk tested one of his
chemical weapons, and it
went very, very wrong.
Two of the three labs exploded,
destroyed almost entirely.
We are standing in the
remains of one right now.
[GROUP]
Huh?
That makes sense.
A huge explosion would
do this kind of damage.
So Robin's theory
was right after all.
Intense heat and
toxic substances
seeped into the air,
and none of the
plants or animals
on the island survived.
The Government ordered
the island evacuated,
retrieving their own
people but leaving
the test subjects behind.
Vegapunk's operation
was shut down,
and his guinea pigs were
thrown away like trash.
They did what they
could to survive,
taking shelter in
the Third Laboratory,
the only one still intact.
There, they were protected
from the poison gas
that contaminated
the entire island.
Those who survived
were paralyzed
from exposure to the gas,
which stole the use
of their lower bodies.
They lived on, without any
real hope for the future.
But then...
...a year later,
everything changed.
A kind master arrived
on the island,
restoring the hope
that had been lost.
With his ability,
he purified the island
of the toxic gas.
He also gave the prisoners
who couldn't walk
the mechanical means to move.
More than that,
he gave them purpose
by making them his
loyal subordinates.
[cries] Kind Master!
Master!
Merciful Master!
I came to the island
a year after that,
desperate and broken.
Two years have passed
since my arrival.
Some toxic substances
remained in the air
even then, and breathing it
left me feeling nauseous.
I began to think I had no
more strength to carry on.
I had fought to survive,
but I was reaching the end.
But then I saw them:
the men who had lost
the use of their legs,
just as I had.
And with them, the Master.
I owe everything to him.
His kindness saved my life
as it saved others
before me.
Vegapunk and his experiments
stole my comrades' legs.
But then the Master arrived,
a kind and generous savior.
[BOTH crying]
Master!
[BROWNBEARD]
And then a few months ago,
fate brought us
another surprise.
Trafalgar Law.
A Warlord arrived on
the island and became
our second savior.
Using his special ability,
he gave legs to those
of us who couldn't walk
without mechanical assistance.
They were the legs
of living animals!
We thought we would
never walk again,
so we wept when our
bodies were restored.
Oh, my gosh, that's the most
beautiful story ever!
You see? I told you Traffy
was a good guy.
I'm not the only one
whose life he saved.
How could Dr. Vegapunk do
something so horrible?
Well, I guess this explains
the half-sheep people.
The ones back at the laboratory.
Centaurs and the bird-woman.
It all makes sense now.
'Cept the dragon.
What's up with that?
Ah, yes.
Saw the dragon, did you?
That's just an artificial
creature Vegapunk created
to guard the island from
unwanted visitors.
It can adapt to any
environment imaginable.
I heard one of the
World Nobles liked it
and gave it a name.
I forgot what it was,
but run if you see it.
It's very aggressive.
I'm not worried.
[ZORO]
We already ate it.
Now you know who's in
charge on the island
and why we're here.
Nobody else dares
to come near it now.
It belongs to the Master.
Punk Hazard is the
domain of our savior.
[BROWNBEARD chuckles]
No, don't cry.
The Master continues
his research
for the betterment of mankind.
To do so, he needs
test subjects,
and each of you will have
the honor of becoming one.
Like it or not, you're his!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Hm?
Is something the matter?
[CENTAUR A]
Master!
Master! I can't breathe!
What kind of... [coughs]
...medicine is this?
[coughs]
Please, Master!
Master!
[coughing]
Please just
let me out of here.
[gasping]
I need you to hang
on a little longer.
Describe how you feel.
From the sound of it,
there's some nausea
and coughing.
Does your head hurt, as well?
[CENTAUR A]
Yes!
It feels like it's
going to split open.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Yes. Yes. I see.
[MARINE V]
What? It wasn't Vegapunk?
But he was in charge.
If Vegapunk didn't cause
that huge explosion,
who did, Smokey?
The person who made the weapon
and accidentally set it off.
That was Caesar Clown.
[MARINES gasp]
He and Vegapunk worked together.
Ceasar Clown was
second in command here.
But because of his tendency
towards inhumane methods,
he and Vegapunk butted
heads frequently.
P-Please, Master.
Please help me.
[gasping]
Shurorororo!
How are your eyes doing?
Are you seeing anything strange?
[CENTAUR A] Huh? Oh!
Yes, there's a giant snake!
[yelling]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurorororo! Too bad!
All right, that's enough.
Goodbye now.
After the accident happened,
Vegapunk was listed
as responsible
because he was
the person in charge.
Of course, it was
a crime to develop
a chemical weapon
of mass destruction
that could take out
an entire island.
When Caesar Clown's
involvement came to light
after the explosion,
he was arrested.
But using his
formidable ability,
he escaped from a prison ship,
and his location
has been unknown since.
If my suspicions are correct,
and Caesar is back
here on this island
conducting experiments,
we have to stop him!
Before he does something
even more horrible
than before.
"Giant snake."
Was this one another failure?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
"Falure," you say?
You really should
watch your tongue.
My experiments
are never failures,
not even what happened
four years ago.
None of the useless idiots
in the World Government
know what they're talking about.
A failed experiment?
I developed a weapon that
killed an entire island!
How is that anything
but a success?
I proved myself the most
efficient killer in the world!
Didn't I?!
I meticulously document
each of my victims
until they draw
their final breath!
Just you wait!
Soon it will be my day,
and they'll know I'm
the greatest scientist
who ever lived!
Shurorororororo!
[NARRATOR] Struck by a
sudden terrible pain,
the children begin to collapse
one after another.
The Straw Hat crew is shocked
when Chopper reveals
the horrifying cause.
Meanwhile, Zoro's group sets out
to find the
unaware of the colossal
shadows looming nearby.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Chopper's Fury! The Master's
Inhumane Experiment!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!